add optional arguments for Oracle VMCluster creation (domain and scan listener ports) (#27808)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/oracle_cloud_vm_cluster.html.markdown

* `db_node_storage_size_in_gbs` - (Optional) The local node storage to be allocated in GBs.

* `domain` - (Optional) The domain name for the cloud VM cluster.

* `local_backup_enabled` - (Optional)  If true, database backup on local Exadata storage is configured for the Cloud VM Cluster. If `false`, database backup on local Exadata storage is not available in the Cloud VM Cluster.

* `sparse_diskgroup_enabled` - (Optional) If true, the sparse disk group is configured for the Cloud VM Cluster. If `false`, the sparse disk group is not created.

* `memory_size_in_gbs` - (Optional) The memory to be allocated in GBs.

> * `scan_listener_port_tcp` - (Optional) The TCP Single Client Access Name (SCAN) port. The default port is 1521.
> 
> * `scan_listener_port_tcp_ssl` - (Optional) The TCPS Single Client Access Name (SCAN) port. The default port is 2484.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `scan_listener_port_tcp` - (Optional) The TCP Single Client Access Name (SCAN) port. Defaults to 1521.

* `scan_listener_port_tcp_ssl` - (Optional) The TCPS Single Client Access Name (SCAN) port. Defaults to 2484.
```

Author: updated
